(1) What are the advantage of Boostrape ?
Ans : 1. Easy initiation. Coding is a hurricane task for a person who is unbeknownst to web development. ...
 2.  Responsiveness. ...
 3. Highly customizable. ...
 4. Extremely user-centric. ...
 5. Top-notch support. ...
 6. Cross-browser compatibility. ...
 7. JavaScript plugins to your rescue. ...
 8. Far-reaching popularity.

(2) What is the Boostrap Container, and how does it Work ?
Ans : Bootstrap Containers are the most basic layout element in Bootstrap. Bootstrap Containers are very essential and basic building blocks of bootstrap that wrap a page's content. 
It's responsible for setting and aligning content within it according to viewport or given device.

(3) What are the defualt Boostrap text setting ?
Ans : Bootstrap 4 uses a default font-size of 16px, and its line-height is 1.5. The default font-family is "Helvetica Neue", Helvetica, Arial, sans-serif. In addition, all <p> elements
have margin-top: 0 and margin-bottom: 1rem (16px by default).

(4) What do you know about the Boostrap Grid system ?
Ans : Bootstrap's grid system uses a series of containers, rows, and columns to layout and align content. It's built with flexbox and is fully responsive. Below is an example and an in-depth
look at how the grid comes together.

(5) What is the diffrence between Boostrap 4 and Boostrap 5 ?
Ans : Custom form controls are included in Bootstrap 5. The form controls in Bootstrap 4 used whatever presets each browser offered. Because of its bespoke design, the form controls in Bootstrap 5
 will have a much more uniform appearance and feel across all browsers.

(6) What is a Button Group, and What is the class for a basic Button Group ?
Ans : “Button Groups” in Bootstrap is a class of name “btn-group” which is used to create series of buttons in groups (without spaces) vertically or horizontally. This is the basic syntax of the button 
group class where each button has its own class of “btn”.

(7) How can you use Boostrap to make thumbnails ?
Ans : Bootstrap has an easy way to do this with thumbnails. Bootstrap's . thumbnail class is used to show linked images in grids (grid system), a thumbnail is created using class . thumbnail within the element <a>.

(8) In Boostrap 4, what is flexbox ?
Ans : Flexbox. The biggest difference between Bootstrap 3 and Bootstrap 4 is that Bootstrap 4 now uses flexbox, instead of floats, to handle the layout. The Flexible Box Layout Module, makes it easier to design flexible
responsive layout structure without using float or positioning.

(9) How can one create an alert in Boostrap ?
Ans : Alerts are available for any length of text, as well as an optional dismiss button. For proper styling, use one of the eight required contextual classes (e.g., .alert-success). For inline dismissal, use the alerts jQuery plugin.

(10) What is a boostrap card and how would you create one ?
Ans : A card is a flexible and extensible content container. It includes options for headers and footers, a wide variety of content, contextual background colors, and powerful display options. If you're familiar with Bootstrap 3, cards
replace our old panels, wells, and thumbnails.






















